Updates for Band Plot visualization (#1754)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/visualize-data/visualization-types/band.md

---
title: Band Plot visualization
list_title: Band
list_image: /img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-Band-example.png
description:
weight: 206
menu:
  influxdb_2_0:
    name: Band Plot
    parent: Visualization types
---

> The **Band Plot** visualization displays the upper and lower boundaries for groups of data over time. Boundaries are determined by applying aggregate functions to your data for a specified window period, and then setting the aggregate functions for a specified upper, main, or lower boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Band Plot** visualization displays the upper and lower boundaries for groups of data over time. This visualization expects three result sets in the Flux response which can then be mapped to the upper, main, and lower boundaries to display. We recommend using this visualization with very few series as the display can get quite crowded easily.
```

## Set up the Band Plot visualization

To see bands (boundaries) in the **Band Plot** visualization, you must set up two or three boundaries for comparison.

### Set up the band plot visualization in the Data Explorer

1. Click the **Data Explorer** icon in the navigation bar.

    {{< nav-icon "data-explorer" >}}

> 2. Enter your query (see [Explore data with Flux and the Data Explorer](/influxdb/v2.0/visualize-data/explore-metrics/#explore-data-with-flux-and-the-data-explorer)). You must include the aggregate functions used to determine the Band Plot visualization boundaries in your query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build your query (see [Explore data with Flux and the Data Explorer](/influxdb/v2.0/visualize-data/explore-metrics/#explore-data-with-flux-and-the-data-explorer)). You must return three named result sets using the `yield` function. These will be used as the boundaries in your visualization.
```

   - In the **Upper Column Name** field, select a function for the upper boundary.
   - In the **Main Column Name** field, select a function for the main boundary.
   - In the **Lower Column Name** field, select a function for the lower boundary.
6. (Optional) Continue to customize your visualization, including options such as interpolation, color, hover dimension, and y-axis settings. For more information, see [Options](options) and [Y Axis](y-axis) below.

    **Tip:** If you do not see shaded boundaries in the **Band Plot** visualization, verify the query window period includes a sufficient number of data points for the selected aggregate function. By default, the window period is automatically set to ten seconds (`10s`). To adjust your window period, select **Custom**, and then enter a supported time unit (for example nanoseconds (`ns`), microseconds (`us`), milliseconds (`ms`), seconds (`s`), or hours (`h`).

{{< img-hd src="/img/influxdb/2-0-visualizations-Band-example.png" alt="Band example" />}}

### Set up the band plot visualization in the Script Editor

> 1. 1. Click the **Data Explorer** icon in the navigation bar.

Author: extra 1.

    {{< nav-icon "data-explorer" >}}

2. Click **Script Editor**.

> 3. Select the **Band Plot** option from the visualization dropdown in the upper left

Author: left.

```js
from(bucket: "bucket_1")
  |> range(start: v.timeRangeStart, stop: v.timeRangeStop)
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_measurement"] == "cpu")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_field"] == "usage_system")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["cpu"] == "cpu0" or r["cpu"] == "cpu1")
  |> aggregateWindow(every: 15s, fn: mean, createEmpty: false)
  |> yield(name: "mean")

from(bucket: "bucket_1")
  |> range(start: v.timeRangeStart, stop: v.timeRangeStop)
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_measurement"] == "cpu")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_field"] == "usage_system")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["cpu"] == "cpu0" or r["cpu"] == "cpu1")
  |> aggregateWindow(every: 15s, fn: max, createEmpty: false)
  |> yield(name: "max")

from(bucket: "bucket_1")
  |> range(start: v.timeRangeStart, stop: v.timeRangeStop)
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_measurement"] == "cpu")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["_field"] == "usage_system")
  |> filter(fn: (r) => r["cpu"] == "cpu0" or r["cpu"] == "cpu1")
  |> aggregateWindow(every: 15s, fn: min, createEmpty: false)
  |> yield(name: "min")
```

> 5. (Optional) Customize the name of the yielded results for for each function by editing the `name` parameter in the [`yield()`](/v2.0/reference/flux/stdlib/built-in/outputs/yield/) function.

Author: extra for

For example, to change the name of the first function from  `mean` to `Average`, modify the last line to the following:
  ```js
    |> yield(name: "Average")
  ```
6. Click **Customize** in the upper left.
7. Under **Aggregate Functions**, enter the functions you created to determine each boundary (column) for comparison. If you changed the `yield` name for any of the functions above, enter the modified name here instead of the function name:

>    - In the **Upper Column Name** field, enter the function for the upper boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the **Upper Column Name** field, enter the result set to use for the upper boundary (max).
```

>    - In the **Main Column Name** field, enter the function for the main boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the **Main Column Name** field, enter the result set for the main data line (mean).
```

>    - In the **Lower Column Name** field, enter the function for the lower boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In the **Lower Column Name** field, enter the result set for the lower boundary (min).
```
